How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that 
was introduced?


    The best thing about viewing a diff is that the line at which the bug occurs is identified.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
 efficient programmer in the long term?


    Having access to the entire history of a file makes it easy to switch to older versions when required. The changes need not be remembered by the programmer.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a 
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?


    Manually choosing when to create a commit ensures that one commit is created per relevant logical change. But it contains the probability of user errors. If the versions are automatically saved, some irrelevant or incomplete changes might be saved. But the user need not worry about losing previous versions of the program.

 


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple 
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?


    Saving multiple files in one commit helps to track all the files with related data. Version control systems which are used for bigger projects with multiple files allow this kind of commit. Version control systems like Google Docs treat each file separately beacause they deal with many independent stand-alone files.



How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?


    The git log command displays the history of all the commits made to a file. The git diff command enables to see the changes between two commits.




How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
could break something?


    Version control provides the facility to revert to any previous step of change (commit). So, if I encounter a bug at some point in my project, I can always track it, going backwards, using git checkout.




Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?


    I want to use Git to track different versions of my Android Studio projects.